

1
Write posts that contain a title line & a body
As a user, I want to create posts with titles & bodies containing whatever text I want so that I can join other groups with similar interests. 


2
Upvote & downvote other users posts
As a user, I want to downvote or upvote other posts depending on if I like them or don’t like them so that my feed only shows me what I view as important. 


3
The main page of the website shows posts with the most activity (Upvotes, Comments)
As a user, I want the most popular posts of that day highlighted on the main page of the website to see what the LSU community is talking about so that I can be up to date on all activities associated with LSU. 


4
Be able to comment on posts
As a user, I want to be able to comment on other users' posts for discussion so that I can have the opportunity to voice my opinion about other users' posts. 


5
Upvote & downvote other users comments to posts
As a user, I want to upvote & downvote other users' comments depending on if I like them or don’t like them so that I can have my voice heard and my feed is tailored to language and behavior that I deem acceptable. 




6
User comments can be replied to by other users
As a user, I want to reply to comments made by other users with another comment so that me and similar users can continue to talk about things that we like. 


7
Notifications of replies
As a user, I want to be notified if someone replies to a post or comment I have created so that if I am not online I will be able to reply instantly. 


8
Quote Users and Comments
As a user, I want to quote a certain user to what I am referencing and to build upon my comment so that I can reference earlier posts to more accurately prove my point. 


9
Sort by certain criteria


As a user, I want to see what posts are trending, popular, and not popular so that I can see what the most recent news of the day is. 




10
A live text chat for users on the same page as you
As a user, I want to be able to chat with other users in real time about the post we are viewing so that we can actively participate as a group. 

11
Unique User Accounts
As a user, I want to login to a unique selfmade account that will identify me with comments and posts I create so that I can reference the backlog of information that I have posted. 


12
In app direct message chat to connect with other users
As a user, I want to communicate directly with other users through private messages only viewable to me and the other user so that I might have the ability to meet up with users that have the same interests as me. 


13
In app calendar with event dates that can send notifications
As a user, I want to be able to view a calendar of events on campus so that I can be involved with and meet students who have similar interests. 


14
Be able to communicate with the LSU Community through video stream 
As a user, I want to be able to communicate on video chat with different people so that the community can be involved and learn something from outside sources. 


15
Share feature that reposts an existing post to your profile.
As a user, I want to share posts that I like to my profile for others to view so they can see content that I enjoy. 


16
In-App Mailbox for user notifications
As a user, I want to be able to remain updated on all notifications relating to my posts, comments, likes, and trends so that I can always know what is happening on the website. 


17
Create user avatar displayed to all website users
As a user, I want to be able to create a unique avatar for the online community to associate me with my activity in the app.


18
Moderator system for posts that void the Terms of Service
As a moderator, I want to be able to remove user posts that violate the terms of service to maintain a respectful online environment. 


19
Terms of Service listing the rules and regulations of the website
As a user, I want to be able to refer back to the terms of service of the website to have an understanding of the legal ramifications of my participation in this app so that I protect myself and my content from potential liabilities or infraction. 


20
Report System
As a user, I want to be able to bring attention to the moderator of inappropriate content being displayed from other users to maintain respectful content. 


21
Ban Feature for Moderator Use
As a moderator, I want to ban users that violate the Terms of Service so that they are not able to continually violate the rules of the website by creating posts or comments. 


22
Highlight users for misconduct
As a user, I want to quickly see people who are banned from posting and the reasons why, so that other users do not make the same mistake.


23
Forgot password feature for login
As a user, I want to be able to reset my password via an email if I have forgotten it so I do not lose access to my account. 


24
Two factor authentication option for login
As a user, I want to be able to verify my identity with two factor authentication through text or email to reduce the risk of my account being logged into by someone else.


25
Forgot username
As a user, I want to be able to login even if I have forgotten my username by entering my email associated with my account to further prevent me from losing access to my account. 


26
Account settings tab
As a user, I want to be able to adjust my account settings (email, username, password) through an account settings tab so that if I want to change any account details in the future I am able to. 

27
Light and dark mode 
As a user, I want to be able to change the aesthetic lighting of the application’s color scheme to either light or dark mode depending on my preference. 


28
FAQ center
As a user, I want to be able to find solutions and troubleshoots in an FAQ center to any problems that I may have with the application so that if a simple problem arises I can quickly find a solution.


29
Bookmark posts feature
As a user, I want to be able to bookmark specific posts so that I may return to them at a later time.


30
Post keyword search
As a user, I want to be able to search keywords so that I am able to find specific posts.


31
Timestamp
As a user, I want to be able to see what time, and date, a post was made so that I am aware of how recent or old a post may be. 


32
Login using Gmail account
As a user, I want to be able to login to Tigerthoughts using my existing gmail account instead of using a self made account so that I have multiple options and feel more secure with my login.


33
Dining operations updated daily integrated into the site
As a user, I want to be able to view the menu and the hours for all dining services on campus with information updated daily so that I can know where I can get a meal on campus throughout my day.  


34
Rate my professor
As a user, I want the latest information on professors from Rate my Professor without leaving the site so that I can have all my information in one place.


35
LSUPD alerts
As a user, I want to be regularly updated on the latest information from LSUPD without leaving the site so that I can have all my LSU information in one place. 


36
Bus routes displayed by the rider app
As a user, I want to be able to see the LSU bus routes so that I know when and where to catch a bus. 


37
Study buddy feature
As a user, I want to be able to find study buddies that have the same classes as me so that we can study together. 


38
Student Worker Positions 
As a user, I want to be able to see what student worker positions are available on campus with links to the applications so that I can be aware of available jobs and apply. 


39
Be able to view tutors filtered by subject
As a user, I want to be able to view available tutors, filtered by subject so that I can obtain a tutor to help me learn and understand the material for my classes. 


40
Ask me anything topic
As a user, I want to be able to hear from different entities in the LSU community on various areas of expertise through live video chat so that I can ask questions. 


